F Yes험
This is wonderful.
What a formatively-ظ
You have the face of a Cannibal.
This is an opportunity for them to continue.
The Yasha King seems troubled upon seeing him dead
Bow約者αν
I know that it is not good for people, but I can not help it.
How do you see the face of the people?
As expected, the king of the wild is a wild beast.
I am satisfied.
The battle with the wild is different from the wild,
but the king of the wild is a wild beast.
The face is dead.
I can not see the dead.
I can not say that the face is dead.
I swear.
I will not say that the face is dead.
I have a favor to ask you.
I know that you are a servant of the king,
but do you have the heart to ask me?
I am grateful, but I will leave it to you.
I will not answer you.
Please send me your way.
You are a good man.
You want to see the king?
Yes.
From now on, offer your face and go.
I understand.
Sister, you go.
You said that you wanted to see the king,
but now you can.
I am satisfied.
See you tomorrow.
Yes.
I will not see the dead.
I will send you.
I will give you a reward.
What is this?
Are you crazy?
I am afraid of the king's death.
I have a good heart.
I will not see the dead.
The king is dead.
I am grateful.
I am grateful that you are a good man.
I will not see the dead.
The End